Question	Answer
  What are the best dog bed brands?   	  The best selling dog bed brands are:EveryYayReddyHarmonyK&H  
  Do dogs need dog beds?  	  Depending on their age, your dog can sleep between 12 to 14 hours a day. Just like us humans, a comfy bed is a necessity for your pup.  
  Do dogs like firm or soft beds?  	  The comfort level of your dog's bed will vary based on age. Soft pillow beds may not offer the same comfort to a senior dog as it does to a puppy.  
  What should I look for in a dog bed?  	  When choosing a dog bed for your pup take into consideration how your pup sleeps, where they spend their time, what special needs they may have, and their personality.  
  What is the best calming bed?  	  Searching for the “best bed” will vary based on your companion’s needs. Beds with a raised rim can create a sense of security for your dog as it hugs their body.  
  What is the most comfortable dog bed?  	  The most comfortable dog bed will vary based on the size, personality, and age of your dog. Some dogs may enjoy fluffy pillow beds while others tend to enjoy the support of orthopedics. Take some time and study your companion’s sleeping habits to learn their bedding needs.  
  Are covered cat litter boxes better?  	  Covered cat litter boxes can be beneficial for cats for a number of reasons. They can help to reduce odors, give cats a feeling of privacy, reduce the amount of airborne litter particles, and contain messes better than an open box. Covered boxes also give cats a sense of security and can make them feel more comfortable in their litter box.  
  Do cats not like covered litter boxes?  	  Generally, cats do not have a problem with covered litter boxes. However, some cats may find them too confining and may prefer an open litter box. Another factor to consider is the size of the box: if it is too small, a cat may feel cramped and choose not to use it. If you're unsure whether your cat would prefer an open or covered litter box, you can try both to see which one they prefer.  
  Are covered litter boxes less smelly?  	  Yes, covered litter boxes can be less smelly than open boxes. This is because the lid helps to contain odors and prevents them from escaping into the air. The lid also prevents airborne particles of litter from escaping and makes it easier to keep the box clean. However, since some cats don't like enclosed boxes, it's important to give your cat the option of an open litter box as well.  
  What are the best dog collars?   	  The best dog collar largely depends on the individual needs, preferences, and activity level of the dog and owner. Factors such as size, material, purpose (e.g., training, identification, or fashion), and durability can influence the choice. Popular and high-quality materials include leather, nylon, and eco-friendly options. For dogs that pull, a head collar or a no-pull collar might be best. If identification is a primary concern, personalized or embroidered collars with the dog's name and the owner's contact information can be ideal. Additionally, considerations like the dog's coat (some collars can mat the fur of long-haired breeds) and the dog's environment (some materials can deteriorate quickly if constantly exposed to water) can also influence the decision. Always ensure the collar fits properly, allowing for two fingers to slide comfortably between the collar and the dog's neck. It's also a good idea to regularly check and replace collars as needed. The best selling dog collar brands are:Good2GoYoulyReddyBackcountry x Petco  
  Do dogs like collars?  	  Whether your dog tolerates wearing their collar routinely will depend on their unique personality. Training your dog to wear their collar gradually will help them get used to wearing their collar for short or extended periods of time.  
  How do I choose the right size collar for my dog?  	  Measure your dog's neck using a soft tape measure, ensuring you can fit two fingers comfortably between the collar and neck. Then, refer to the product's sizing guide for the best fit.  
  How do dog collars work?  	  Dog collars come in a variety of materials and can be used for many different purposes. Check out our guide to choosing the best dog collar and find out what collar is best for your pooch.  
  Can dogs have asthma?   	  Yes, dogs can have asthma just like humans can. Asthma in dogs is caused by an overreaction of the airways to certain triggers. Common triggers include dust, pollen, smoke, aerosol products, and excessive exercise. While some dogs may only experience mild symptoms such as coughing or wheezing, others may develop more serious respiratory problems that require prescription dog asthma medicine. Your veterinarian can diagnose your pet and recommend the best treatment plan for their asthma.      
  How to treat asthma in dogs at home?   	  The most effective way to treat asthma in dogs at home is through prescription medications. Your vet can prescribe anti-inflammatory and bronchodilator medications that can relieve symptoms, such as coughing and wheezing. In some cases, your vet may recommend an inhaler, which can help reduce inflammation and open up the airways. If your dog has a severe case of asthma, they may also recommend a corticosteroid medication, which can help reduce inflammation and improve breathing. You should always follow your vet’s instructions when administering any type of medication to your dog.     
  What medication can I give my dog for asthma?   	  Prescription medications are available to help manage your dog's asthma. These include corticosteroids, bronchodilators and anti-inflammatory drugs. Corticosteroids reduce inflammation in the airways, while bronchodilators help to open up the airways and allow more air to flow in and out of the lungs. Anti-inflammatory drugs help to reduce the swelling and mucus production in the airways, which can help ease breathing difficulties. Your veterinarian will be able to recommend the best course of action for your dog's individual needs.   
  What are the symptoms of dog asthma?   	  Symptoms of dog asthma can vary depending on the severity of the condition, but common signs of asthma in dogs include difficulty breathing, coughing, wheezing, and exercise intolerance. Dog owners should also be aware of any changes in their pet's behavior or appetite, as these can be signs that their pet is struggling to breathe. If your dog is exhibiting any of these symptoms, it’s important to take them to a veterinarian for an exam and diagnosis.    
  What is the best flea pill for dogs?  	  The best flea pill for your dog depends on a number of factors, including age, size and health status. Discuss your options with your veterinarian to determine what’s best for your pet. They might suggest a solution that also protects against other pests—like ticks.  
  Are flea pills safe for dogs?  	  Discuss your dog’s individual health needs with your veterinarian prior to administering medications. If your dog is pregnant or nursing, you’ll have additional concerns.  
  How do I order flea pills for my dogs?  	  Petco offers a wide selection of flea pills for dogs from popular brands like Capstar, Advantus, Bravecto, CapAction, Credelio, NexGard, and Simparica. Keep in mind that some flea medications require an active prescription from your veterinarian. Prescriptions can be filled at Petco through Express Scripts Pharmacy.  
  How can I tell if my dog has fleas?  	  Depending on your dog's coat type and the severity of the infestation, you may be able to visually identify these tiny pests that leave brownish-black flea dust behind. Other things to look out for include physical discomfort, excessive scratching and biting, red or bumpy skin, patchy hair loss, and lethargy.  
  How do flea pills work?  	  Flea pills for dogs typically work by releasing an insecticide into the dog's bloodstream. When fleas bite the dog, they ingest the insecticide and are killed. Some flea pills work by interrupting the flea's life cycle, preventing the development of flea eggs and larvae. This helps to control flea populations and prevent re-infestations. It is important to follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer when administering flea pills to ensure their effectiveness and to avoid potential side effects. If you have any concerns or questions about flea pills or flea control for your dog, consult with your veterinarian.  
  How long do flea pills last?  	  The duration of flea pills for dogs varies depending on the specific product and its active ingredients. Some flea pills provide protection for up to 24 hours, while others can protect for several weeks. It is important to follow the instructions provided by the manufacturer for the specific product being used, as well as the recommendations of your veterinarian. Some flea pills may require more frequent dosing, while others may have longer-lasting effects. Keep in mind that flea pills are just one aspect of a comprehensive flea control program, which may also include regular bathing and grooming, vacuuming, and treating your dog's environment for fleas.  
  What is the best hip and joint supplement for dogs?  	  The best hip and joint supplement for dogs depends on the specific needs of your pet. However, some popular supplements include Glucosamine, Chondroitin, Turmeric, Omega-3 fatty acids, green lipped mussel, and MSM. You should consult with your veterinarian to determine which supplements are best for your pet's individual needs.  
  When should i start giving my dog joint supplements?  	  The best time to start giving your dog joint supplements will depend on the age of your pet and a few other factors like their activity level and existing health conditions. In most cases, it is recommended that you begin administering joint supplements to your dog when they reach 3 or 4 years old. However, if your pet is showing any signs of joint stiffness or soreness, it may be best to talk to your veterinarian about an appropriate supplement regime for your dog.  
  Do joint supplements work for dogs?  	  Joint supplements can be a great way to help keep your dog's joints healthy and supported. Joint supplements can provide your pup with natural ingredients like glucosamine, chondroitin, MSM, and other antioxidants that help maintain and preserve joint cartilage, improve mobility, and reduce joint pain. It's important to discuss the best supplement for your pup with your veterinarian.  
  Why does my reptile habitat need a screen top?  	  Screen tops help provide adequate ventilation for your reptile and prevent escape of your reptile or entry of other household pets.  
  Is there a solution if my reptile is able to push the screen top off of its habitat?  	  Screen cover clips allow you to secure the screen cover to your reptile's habitat, helping to prevent escape.  
  What is the best potty trainer for my dog?  	  Every pet’s bathroom needs can be different, and the appropriate potty training supplies for dogs can depend on their current training progress as well as whether you’re looking for indoor or outdoor solutions. Pet parents living in urban areas or apartments can’t always rely on finding an outdoor space for their dogs to use and may prefer to use potty training aids for dogs like diapers,  potty pads  or litter boxes as indoor solutions. All three are typically made of absorbent materials that can help prevent urine and feces from ending up on the floor of your living space when used correctly. Some varieties contain odor eliminators that can help avoid smells from filling your home. Pads with artificial grass  can provide your pup with the simulated texture of the outdoors that might then help them eventually do their business outside. At Petco, we also carry products to help potty train dogs ready to graduate to outdoor bathroom use. Potty hydrants come with a scent that can help your pup make the leap from indoor to outdoor use by making grass seem a little more attractive. Training your dog to use a specially designed doorbell may help you and your pet recognize when it’s time to go instead of waiting for accidents to happen. To reward your canine for proper potty usage, we also offer a wide variety of dog treats to help encourage them throughout the training process. Whether you’re looking for indoor or outdoor dog toilet training solutions, a dog potty training spray can help point your pup in the right direction when it comes to proper bathroom usage. You can choose from repellents to let your pet know where not to go or attractants to let your pet know which bathroom spot is best. Potty training spray for dogs is designed to work with nearly any surface—including pads and natural grass.  
  What do I put in a dog potty area?  	  The answer to this will often vary based on where you live and where the dog potty area is. Indoor potty areas can contain dog potty training devices like potty pads or litter boxes, while outdoor potty areas are generally made of gravel or grass. Stone can provide excellent drainage for urine, but pet parents who prefer the more natural look and feel of grass can try adding potty rocks to their pup’s water to cut down on nitrites that can yellow or kill natural grass. Odor eliminators and dog potty training spray can also work for indoor or outdoor areas, depending on the needs of your canine.  
  Does potty training spray really work?  	  The success of dog potty training spray will depend on the breed of dog, their temperament and your overall training method. Canines have up to 300 million olfactory receptors in their noses and can be very receptive to pleasing smells. Olfactory cues can sometimes be just as effective as visual cues for some dogs, and providing scent incentives has worked for many pet parents. Whether or not your pup responds positively to dog toilet training solutions like training spray will likely be a matter of proper usage and trial and error.  
  What are koi?  	"  Koi are a Japanese ""brocaded Carp"" that can bring an array of color and activity to any pond or water garden.  "
  How big do koi get?  	  The average koi can obtain sizes of 20- to 24-inches and weight 9- to 12-pounds.  
  How much do koi cost?  	  Koi can average from $11 and go up into the millions.   
  How big of a pond is needed for koi?   	  This will depend on the size of your koi—for adult koi, the recommended size is 1,000 gallons and approximately three feet deep.  
  Why is the water cloudy in my fish tank?  	  Cloudy water can happen for a couple of reasons, from a water quality issue, a buildup of ammonia, to a bacterial bloom.  
  How do you treat water for your fish tank?  	  Tap water should be treated for chlorine and chloramine prior to adding to the aquarium. The use of pre-filtered bottled water, formulated for the aquarium can also be beneficial.  
  How often should I add water to my fish tank?  	  Daily addition of water can vary based on the amount of evaporation but typically all aquariums will require a daily top off of water.  
  What should I put on a cat ID tag?  	  Your cat’s name tag should include their name and a current phone number to reach you.  
  Should I get an ID tag for my cat?  	  Absolutely! ID tags are a quick way for someone to identify that your cat has a loving pet parent, and gives them an easy way to reach you.  
  How do I put an ID tag on my cat's collar?  	  There are two common ways to attach an ID tag to your kitty’s collar: use an S ring and a pair of pliers, or connect it with a split ring.  
  Do cats need name tags?  	  Yes. Whether your cat has access to an outdoor enclosure or is an all-the-time indoor cat, we recommend microchipping your kitty and outfitting them with a collar and ID tag.  
  What fish can live with saltwater pufferfish?  	  Large species of fish pair best with pufferfish pets. Tangs, eels, foxfish and squirrelfish can work well. Most saltwater pufferfish will get along with other members of the same genus or some bolder fish like triggers, groupers and wrasses. However, slower-moving fish and community fish should not be tank mates as puffers will nip their fins or other body parts. They also do not work well with corals, clams, crabs, shrimp and snails—as these are part of their usual diet. See our saltwater compatibility chart.  
  Are saltwater pufferfish poisonous?  	  Almost all saltwater pufferfish contain a poisonous toxin, tetrodotoxin, making them foul-tasting and often lethal to fish. And to humans, this toxin is deadly—1,200 more times than cyanide—and there’s no known antidote. You should never touch or eat a saltwater pufferfish, as their toxin is released through their spikes.  
  Is a pufferfish a saltwater fish?  	  You should keep most pufferfish in saltwater aquarium tanks. However, there are 40 types of pufferfish who live in brackish waters—salt and freshwater—and 29 that are freshwater natives.  
  Are pufferfish territorial?  	  Yes. Pufferfish can be aggressive and territorial, so they are not ideal community fish—especially in adulthood.  
  What do saltwater pufferfish eat?  	  n the wild, pufferfish eat a variety of snails, crustaceans, shellfish and other fish. In a tank, these fish will eat almost anything, so it’s best to offer a healthy mix. They can eat blue crab, mussels, clams, shrimp, live snails and bloodworms. You can find carnivore-specific frozen preparations and saltwater fish food to feed your growing pufferfish pet.  
  How big do saltwater pufferfish get?  	  Most aquarium saltwater pufferfish varieties can grow up to 8-inches in length. They should be given ample swimming space in a sufficiently large tank. Find the perfect pufferfish saltwater tank to help your new pet feel right at home.  
  What foods can my bearded dragons eat?   	  The appropriate bearded dragon food can depend on the age of your pet. Younger lizards will likely require a protein-rich diet of mainly live insects—most commonly crickets and dubia roaches, but also including hornworms, grasshoppers and wax worms. The nutrients in these insects can help your bearded dragons mature big and strong.  Adult bearded dragon food can include the insects mentioned above but in smaller quantities. Mature bearded dragons mainly require a diet of leafy greens—including spring greens, kale, watercress and endive. Some vegetables like bell peppers and butternut squash can also make for tasty snacks. Still, it’s recommended to consult a veterinarian or knowledgeable Pet Care Center Associate before feeding your pet something new.  A wholesome mix of live insects and plants can be vital to the health of your bearded dragon. Food rich in protein like insects is the preferred meal of reptiles, but leaving too many insects in your bearded dragon tank will likely cause them to gorge and overeat, which can lead to illness. Additionally, your pet will also require supplements—including Vitamin D, multivitamins and calcium—to help prevent metabolic bone disease and other conditions that can affect bearded dragons. These typically come in powders that can be sprinkled over the contents of their food dish.   
  How long can my bearded dragon go without food?   	  It’s recommended that you put food in your bearded dragon habitat once a day. Remember that insects should only account for around 20% of their diet, with leafy greens making up the remainder.  The exception to this is when your pet goes through brumation—a type of hibernation where your bearded dragon will go weeks or even months without eating and sporadically drink water. However, it is still important that they have access to food in their bowl every day. Check out our Bearded Dragon Care Sheet for more information.   
  How do I clean a bearded dragon tank?   	  There can be varying degrees of cleaning your bearded dragon habitat. Daily maintenance typically includes removing dead insects, uneaten vegetables and feces to ensure that your pet’s environment is free from bacteria. You’ve likely purchased substrate or sand for your bearded dragon, tank accessories like rocks or logs and lamps—these should be spot cleaned daily to help prevent your lizard from becoming ill.  Once a week, pet parents should remove their bearded dragon from the habitat for a more thorough inspection of their living environment. You can sift through their sand for any missed feces, remove and inspect your bearded dragon’s décor, clean their food and water dishes and wipe any visible waste of the glass and covers of their enclosure.  Their habitat will usually require complete disinfection once a month. This will require removing all of your bearded dragon’s accessories and sand—sand should be replaced or rinsed, and décor should be thoroughly disinfected or baked to kill all bacteria. Your aquarium or terrarium should also be disinfected, and Petco carries a selection of cleansers that can help keep your pet’s environment clean without the worry of their reaction to harsh chemicals. Make sure that your habitat is dry and free from odors before returning your bearded dragon and their accessories.   
  Can dogs have chicken broth?  	  Chicken broth for dogs is usually fine, as long as you specifically use a dog-safe chicken broth. Plants in the allium family—such as onions and garlic—are frequently used to flavor chicken broth that’s intended for people—but they’re dangerous ingredients for dogs to consume. Broth for dogs also excludes the high levels of sodium that are often found in a broth made for human consumption, which is important since dogs have a far lower sodium intake threshold than people do.  
  Is chicken broth good for dogs?  	  A dog-safe chicken broth can be more than just a method for making your dog’s meals appealing. Chicken broth for dogs can add hydration to dogs’ diets and make crunchy dry food dinners easier to chew and swallow. Even if you routinely give your dog fresh dog food, broth can add valuable nutrients to their meals. Improving the texture, flavor and nutritional quality of meals is reason enough for many pet parents to incorporate dog food broth into their pets’ dinnertimes.  
  Is beef broth good for dogs?  	  Just like dog-safe chicken broth, beef broth for dogs is a good way to boost your dog’s fluid intake and enhance the flavor of your dog’s meals. Many dogs enjoy the hearty, meaty flavor of beef broth, and finicky dogs may appreciate the improvement to their food’s flavor and texture once a splash of beef broth has been added. As with chicken broth for dogs, it’s important to make sure any beef broth you serve your pup is free of onions and garlic and low in sodium.  
  Is bone broth good for dogs?  	  Bone broth is known as being an especially nutritious and hearty type of broth, as it’s made by simmering animal bones until they break down and release collagen, protein and minerals. Bone broth for dogs can be a delicious and beneficial addition to their diet, as long as it’s a dog-safe formula that leaves out harmful ingredients. And it can be a great way to satisfy your dog’s taste for animal bones without giving them an actual bone to chew on that could shatter and hurt their mouth.  
  How do I get rid of dog odor?  	  Dog odor comes from many sources. Begin by identifying the problem. Does your dog simply need a bath or a spray down in the yard? If your dog had an accident in the home, clean it up as soon as you notice the smell. Dog poop bags and clean-up supplies can help. Next, choose dog cleaning supplies that match the situation. For example, some dog odor removers are designed to work specifically on dog urine, while others can address multiple causes, such as:  Vomit Feces Mud And even skunk spray  Many odor-causing accidents also leave stains in your home. If this is the case, you’ll want to use a pet cleaner that helps remove stains and odors. Choose a cleaner designed for the right surface in your home. Some pet cleaners are designed specifically for carpets and upholstery, while others can be used on hard surfaces. You can even purchase dog stain removers for clothing. If you aren’t sure which cleaner is right for your stinky situation, read the label. You can also use more than one solution, such as a dog urine cleaner followed by an odor eliminator.  
  How do I get rid of dog odor in the house?  	  It can be hard to relax in your home when it smells unpleasant. A pet odor eliminator can help mask dog smells to make your environment more pleasing. However, if your pet had an accident, you’ll need to use a pet cleaning solution, like an enzymatic cleaner, to address the mess. If the stain is on the carpet, choose a carpet stain remover. Follow the instructions on the solution’s container carefully to get the best results. If your dog peed in your home, use a dog urine cleaner to help eliminate stains and odors. Dogs are very scent-oriented animals, and if you let urine or feces smells linger in your home, your dog could decide to make those areas a new potty spot. Using strong odor and stain removers can often lower the risk of your dog having more accidents indoors.  
  What size tank does my leopard gecko need?  	  To house a single pet, your leopard gecko tank should be at least 10 gallons in size. If you decide to bring more geckos into the family, you’ll need to get a terrarium 5 gallons bigger for each additional reptile. Leopard geckos do well with two or three in one tank—but only one should be male to avoid them getting territorial.   
  How do I set up a leopard gecko tank?  	  When considering your leopard gecko tank setup, you should keep your reptile’s comfort in mind. In the daytime, the habitat temperature should remain between 75- and 85-degrees Fahrenheit. At night, they prefer to be around 10-degrees cooler.  Keep your leopard gecko terrarium mostly dry but provide an area for your lizard to get moisture—like adding a small damp clump of reptile moss for your pet to enjoy.  
  What is the best substrate for my leopard gecko?  	  Substrate is the material put down to line the bottom of your gecko’s tank. Because the leopard gecko substrate is a surface that your pet will lie on and eat from, it should be made from a suitable material designed for reptiles. Reptile carpet is also an ideal option for your pet.  
  What should I put in my leopard gecko tank?  	  There are plenty of ways to make your tank aesthetically pleasing and more welcoming for your new lizard.  Backdrop Incorporating a natural-looking reptile habitat background into your glass leopard gecko enclosure will not only make the tank look nice but also helps your pet to feel more protected. Places to Hide Your leopard gecko will enjoy having rocks, caves and branches to hide and climb. Inside one of these hiding spots is the perfect area to incorporate the moist peat moss for their comfort. to hide and climb. Inside one of these hiding spots is the perfect area to incorporate the moist peat moss for their comfort. Lamps Your leopard gecko will need a source of both incandescent light and heat that imitates sunlight to keep them healthy. Water Bowl A water source is needed not only for your gecko to drink but also to give a small amount of humidity to the leopard gecko habitat.   
  What are the best saltwater aquarium brands?  	  The best selling saltwater aquarium brands are:AqueonImagitariumFluval  
  How do you set up a saltwater aquarium?  	  Setting up a saltwater aquarium is an involved process that requires multiple steps and careful attention. Check out our guide to setting up a saltwater aquarium for help.  
  How do you clean saltwater aquarium equipment?  	  Make sure you check the cleaning instructions for each piece of equipment in your aquarium. At Petco, we carry a wide range of saltwater test kits and water care for ongoing tank maintenance.  
  What is a good size for a saltwater fish tank?  	  Saltwater fish tanks are measured by the gallon. We recommend you choose as large of a fish tank as possible for your fish to flourish.  
  Is it hard to have a saltwater fish tank?  	  That depends on your experience as a fishkeeper. Keeping a saltwater fish tank can be equally challenging and rewarding.  
  How long do you have to wait to put fish in a saltwater tank?  	  You should account for a 24-48 hour stabilization period between tank setup and adding fish. During this time you should ensure the temperature is stable, the heater works properly, and any gases or cloudiness dissipate.  
  What types of reptiles can be kept on a carpet liner?  	  Many species can be kept on a carpet liner as some are soft and non-abrasive while others may be textured. They are easy to disinfect as needed to make cleaning your reptile's habitat easier on you.  
  How do I clean carpet liners?  	  Liners can be spot cleaned or rinsed for daily cleaning, and can be cleaned with a non-toxic, pet habitat cleaner for weekly disinfection. Always be sure to place your reptile in a secure place while cleaning your habitat, and let all accessories dry and fumes to dissipate before placing your pet back in its home.  
  What can I feed a turtle?   	  Turtles are omnivores, so they enjoy vegetables as well as protein-rich snacks like worms or insects. But that should only make up about 40-60% of their diet. The rest should consist of commercial turtle food that’s formulated with their specific nutritional needs in mind, to ensure a completely balanced diet.  
  Where can I buy turtle food?   	  Petco has a wide selection of turtle food options to fit your pet’s specific nutritional needs, from pelleted commercial foods and freeze-dried insects to live mealworms and crickets for snacking.   
  How often should I feed my turtle?   	  That depends on your turtle’s species and stage of life. Most turtles need to be fed daily as juveniles, whereas some adults can be fed every other day. But all turtles need access to fresh water every day. Talk to your veterinarian about your pet’s specific dietary needs and feeding schedule.   
  Do cats like hidden litter boxes?  	  Cats can enjoy using litter box furniture as it can provide them with a sense of security and privacy when using the litter box. It can also make it easier for cats to access the box and may help to reduce odors. However, it is important to make sure the furniture is the correct size for your cat and that it is properly ventilated. Additionally, you should make sure the furniture is easy to clean and maintain.  
  Does litter box furniture help with smell?  	  Yes, litter box furniture can help to reduce odors. The lid or door on the furniture helps to contain odors which prevents them from escaping into the air. Additionally, the furniture may also help to contain airborne particles of litter, making it easier to keep the area clean and odor-free.  
  Where should I put litter box furniture?  	  You can place litter box furniture in any area that is well-ventilated, quiet, and away from high-traffic areas. Additionally, make sure to choose an area where your cat can use the litter box in privacy and where there won't be any distractions. Also, it's important to make sure that the furniture is placed in a safe location away from any hazardous items.  
  Are automatic feeders good for dogs?  	  If you’re running errands or working a long day, an auto dog feeder can be a wonderful solution to help get your tasks done while making sure your dog doesn’t miss meals. However, you shouldn’t rely on an electronic dog feeder instead of a pet sitter if you’re planning a weekend getaway. Petco also has dog water fountains to help keep your pup’s water bowl full and fresh.  
  How can I train my dog to use an automatic feeder?  	  If your dog has never had a food dish that moves or makes noise, they might be hesitant about their new automatic dog feeder at first. You can help get your dog comfortable using an auto dog feeder by putting it in their usual feeding area for a few days or more, letting them get used to the dispenser’s sound and movement while continuing to eat from their old bowl. When your dog no longer seems nervous, introduce them to the electronic dog feeder by putting some enticing treats inside. In time, your dog will most likely accept and hopefully enjoy their new food source.  
  What is the best automatic food dispenser for large dogs?  	  A large automatic dog feeder—one that has plenty of kibble storage, easily dispenses large kibble and is harder for an excited dog to tip over—is best for your big dog. If you have larger breeds, automatic dog feeders with smaller reservoirs or that don’t handle dispensing large pieces of kibble very well won’t be suitable.  
  Is there an automatic dog feeder for kennel use?  	  Standard dog feeders aren’t your only option when it’s time to choose the best dog feeder for your home. If you’re kennel training your dog, you may find an automatic dog feeder for kennel use that’s designed to attach to the side of the kennel. If you’re looking for mealtime aids that incorporate smart tech, a smart dog feeder or smart dog bowl can often do the trick.  
  What toys are best for dogs?  	  The best toy for your dog will depend on a variety of factors, including breed, size, age, personality, and chewing habits. There are many different types of dog toys available at Petco. We recommend trying a number of options to see what your dog enjoys the most.  
  Why do dogs like toys?  	  Why do humans like toys? They’re fun, of course! The perfect dog toy can provide plenty of entertainment and mental stimulation your pooch needs.  
  Why do dogs like toys with squeakers  	  Some dogs enjoy toys that mimic the sounds their prey might make in the wild. Fortunately for your pooch, Petco has plenty of squeaky toys to satisfy those natural instincts.  
  Why do dogs shake their toys?  	  This is an instinctual behavior left over from the days when dogs had to hunt their prey. The whipping motion is meant to incapacitate or kill their prey. Nowadays it’s seen by pet parents as a playful behavior.  
  What do Bettas eat?  	  Bettas are carnivores requiring a diet with elevated levels of meat proteins. Most bettas will accept a variety of foods from live, freeze dried or thawed, frozen bloodworms and brine shrimp as well as flake food, small granules and small pellets.  
  What is the best food for my betta?  	  Variety is the key to life and to a betta's health as well. Therefore, feeding a mix of freeze dried or thawed, frozen bloodworms and brine shrimp as well as a mix of flake food, small granules and small pellets formulated for a betta is beneficial to their quality of life.  
  How often does my betta need to be fed?  	  Feed your betta sparingly and no more than it can eat in 1 to 2 minutes; overfeeding can quickly foul the water, especially in a smaller, unfiltered aquarium. If feeding frozen food, be sure to thaw it out before offering it to your betta.  
  How do you treat a sick fish?   	  It’s important to recognize the warning signs of common fish illnesses. Many minor infections can be treated with over-the-counter antibiotics, antifungal or anti-parasitic products. But always consult an experienced aquarist or veterinarian before medicating any sick fish.  
  Is high protein food good for cats?  	  High protein diets can be beneficial for cats, as long as the food is balanced with other vital nutrients. Protein is an essential nutrient for cats, as it helps to build and repair their muscles, stimulates growth, and helps maintain their energy levels. It's important to ensure that the food you choose for your cat has the proper nutritional balance and is free from unnecessary fillers. Be sure to talk to your veterinarian about the best dietary option for your pet before making any changes.  
  What is considered high-protein cat food?  	  High-protein cat food is any wet or dry food that contains a high amount of animal-sourced proteins. Wet food typically contains more protein than dry food, so it is the preferred option for cats. Some examples of high-protein cat food are wet foods that contain a minimum of 40% animal protein, such as salmon, chicken, beef and tuna. Additionally, some dry foods may also contain a high amount of animal proteins, such as lamb, chicken meal, and fish meal.  
  What is the best high protein cat food?  	  The best high-protein cat food depends on your individual cat's needs. Generally, wet foods are considered the best source of high-quality protein for cats and should contain a minimum of 40% animal-sourced proteins. Some examples of high-protein wet foods include those featuring salmon, chicken, beef and tuna. For dry food options, look for those that contain lamb, chicken meal, or fish meal as the primary ingredients.  
  Is high protein cat food good for older cats?  	  High-protein cat food is typically good for older cats. Protein helps keep the muscles strong and healthy, while providing essential amino acids that are needed for immune system health. Older cats may have difficulty digesting certain proteins, so it's important to choose a food with a high quality protein source that has been properly cooked. Additionally, wet food is usually easier for cats to digest than dry food, so consider offering wet and dry options to your cat.  
  Are covered cat litter boxes better for my cat?  	  While it can depend on the habits of your feline friend, litter box covers can have more advantages than the traditional open-rim cat litter box enclosures.  Cat box cover ups often appeal to cats who like small spaces and places to hide. It can make them feel protected and less vulnerable while they’re distracted by nature’s call, so they’ll likely feel more comfortable and less likely to have accidents in less-than-desirable areas. It’s also appealing for pet parents who don’t like seeing their kitty’s leavings whenever they enter a room. A cover for your cat litter box keeps things hidden and easier to tolerate. If you have dogs, it can also discourage them from curiously disturbing the box.  
  What is the best covered cat litter box for my pet?  	  Choosing the best cat litter box cover for your cat can depend on your kitty’s personality, your personal preferences, and the placement of your cat’s box in your home. Some pet parents prefer decorative cat litter box covers to help brighten a room, while others prefer the natural look of a wooden litter box cover. Still, others prefer the primary benefits of a cheap litter box cover, while others might opt for a litter box cover that doubles as a nightstand. With so many different litter box solutions available, you’re bound to find the right one to fit you and your cat’s needs.  
  Do covered litter boxes smell less in my home?  	  Covered cat litter boxes can not only be more visually appealing for pet parents, but they can help with unpleasant smells as well. Covering your cat’s litter and waste can reduce the amount of odor dispersed in the air. Since most cats go indoors, finding a solution for lingering odors can be a challenge. Cleaning the box and changing the litter regularly are good ways to keep things smelling fresh. In addition, liners and filters for cats are a great option for odor reduction. At Petco, we carry many of the leading styles and brands of litter box solutions.Visit any of your favorite neighborhood Petco Pet Care Centers for a great selection of cat litter box covers, or shop online and check out our cat deals. We have a wide variety of cat litter—whether you like clumping, non-clumping, lightweight, dust-free or natural. Our litter mats can help reduce tracking and spillage so the area will stay neat and tidy.  
  What is the best aquarium water test kit?   	  There are many different test kits available for aquariums, and the best one for your tank will depend on your specific needs and the type of water you are testing. In general, a good test kit should be able to accurately measure the levels of key water parameters, such as pH, ammonia, nitrite, and nitrate. It should also be easy to use and provide clear, accurate results. Some popular test kits to consider include the API Freshwater Master Test Kit and the Tetra EasyStrips Aquarium Test Strips. As always, it's a good idea to consult with an aquatic specialist to determine the best test kit for your aquarium.  
  Do aquarium test kits expire?  	  Yes, aquarium test kits do expire. Most test kits have a shelf life of 1-2 years, and they should be discarded after this time. This is because the chemicals in the test kit can break down over time, leading to inaccurate or unreliable results. It's important to check the expiration date on your test kit and replace it as needed to ensure that you are getting accurate and reliable results. In general, it's a good idea to regularly test the water in your aquarium to ensure that it is healthy and safe for your fish. Using a fresh, unexpired test kit is an important part of this process.  
  Are aquarium test strips better than drops?   	  The type of aquarium test kit that is best for you will depend on your personal preference and the specific needs of your tank. Both test strips and test drops have their own unique benefits and drawbacks. Test strips are typically easier to use and more convenient, as they do not require the use of separate vials or test tubes. They are also often less messy than test drops, as you do not need to handle liquids. However, test strips may not be as accurate as test drops, and they are not able to test for all water parameters. Test drops, on the other hand, are typically more accurate and can test for a wider range of water parameters. They also allow for greater precision, as you can add drops one at a time to achieve the desired level of accuracy. However, test drops can be messier and more time-consuming to use, as they require the use of separate vials and test tubes. In general, both test strips and test drops can be effective options for testing the water in your aquarium. The best choice for you will depend on your personal preference and the specific needs of your tank. It's always a good idea to consult with a veterinarian or aquatic specialist to determine the best test kit for your aquarium.  
  What are saltwater invertebrates?  	  Invertebrates include animals lacking a vertebral column, aka backbone.  
  Are all invertebrates safe to put in my reef aquarium?  	  There are millions of invertebrates and not all are safe to place into a reef aquarium, so be sure to research each species carefully.  
  How do you acclimate saltwater invertebrates?  	  Because aquatic life is sensitive to rapid changes in water chemistry, it is best to slowly acclimate your new aquatic life to your aquarium. Please refer to the Petco Aquatic Life Acclimation Guide care sheet.  
  Which invertebrates are beneficial to my saltwater aquarium?  	  There are several species of snails, hermit crabs, starfish and shrimp that can help remove algae, uneaten food and detritus, as well as removing parasites from your fish.  
  What type of container should I use for food and water for my parakeet?  	  There are many different designs—from open bowls to covered crocks or gravity feeders—to choose from. Food and water dishes should be able to be secured to the habitat or specially designed to prevent it from falling over to prevent contamination whenever possible.   
  Why are some bird bowls covered?   	  Covered bowls will help reduce spillage and mess, as well as help keep the contents clean from dander or droppings.   
  Do cats need a water fountain?  	  Water fountains aren’t necessary for all cats, but they do help encourage cats to drink more.  
  How do cat water fountains work?  	  Moving water attracts the attention of cats. Cat water fountains encourage your furry friends to come over and investigate—and most importantly, drink!   
  What is the best cat water fountain?  	  That depends! Some cat water fountains include a filter that keeps water cleaner, tasting and smelling even more appetizing to your kitty. While electric cat water fountains require a power source, you can opt for a gravity waterer if you simply want to refill their water bowl less often.  
  How much do cat water fountains cost?  	  That also depends! At Petco, you can enjoy low prices on some of the most high-tech waterers, with some models under $30. The price of your new water fountain will depend on materials like stainless steel and plastic, parts, and overall design. Visit your local Petco and ask a partner what the best option is for you and your feline.  
  What type of bedding should I use for my small animal?   	  High-quality paper bedding, crumbled paper bedding or hardwood shavings are available options. Cedar-based products are not recommended.  
  How much bedding do I need?   	  1- to 2-inches of bedding should be placed in the habitat to give your pet enough coverage to absorb droppings. If you have a hairless species, additional bedding must be provided to allow them to burrow in for additional warmth.   
  Why is cedar bedding not recommended for small pets?   	  Although cedar is a pleasant, natural odor control, the oils in the wood can irritate your pet's skin, and the odor can lead to respiratory problems.   
  How often do I change my small animal's bedding?   	  Clean and disinfect the habitat and its contents at least once a week (depending on species) with a non-toxic, pet habitat cleaner or 3% bleach solution. Rinse and allow to dry completely before placing your pet back into the habitat. Daily spot cleaning will help prevent odor and feces/urine buildup.  
  Is sand safe for my pet reptile?  	  Sand developed specifically for reptiles is safe to use for desert species when proper husbandry is provided. These sands are ultra fine to help prevent impaction from over-consumption, and many are fortified with vitamins and minerals for increased health benefits if accidentally ingested.  
  Can I use fish gravel for my turtle?  	  While gravel or a rock substrate may be used in your aquatic turtle setup, typically fish gravel is not appropriate as it is small enough for the turtle to accidentally ingest it. Rocks in your turtle's habitat should be large enough to prevent them from attempting to eat or swallow them.  
  How often should I change my reptile's substrate?  	  This will vary based on your reptile and the size of your habitat. Sand substrate can be spot cleaned and changed every one to two weeks as needed. Gravel in aquatic terrariums should be vacuumed to remove debris, but does not need to be replaced.  
  What does the filter in a fish tank do?  	  The filter in a fish tank keeps the water clear and free of debris, such as plant material, leftover food, waste products from the fish, and other toxic compounds that are dangerous to your aquarium pets.  
  Where do you put a filter in a fish tank?  	  Where a filter goes depends on the type of filter you have. For example, internal filters, corner box filters and under-gravel filters all require different placements in order to work properly. Make sure you research which type of filter your aquarium needs, and the manufacturer’s directions that come with it.  
  Do you need a filter for a fish tank?  	  Every fish tank requires some sort of filtration. Determine whether your aquarium needs chemical filtration using chemical media, mechanical filtration using a powered filter, biological filtration, or a combination of these.  
  How do you clean a fish tank filter?  	  The right way to clean your filter depends on the type of filter you have. Make sure you follow cleaning instructions that come with your mechanical filter in order to remove the particulate matter it has trapped.  
  How often should you change a fish tank filter?  	  That depends on the type of filtration system you have. We recommend replacing carbon filters monthly. Some biological filters are built to never clog, so will not need to be replaced. And other mechanical filters only need to be replaced if they become too clogged to function properly.  
  What kind of hides do leopard geckos like?  	  When it comes to specific leopard gecko hides for their habitat, leopard geckos aren’t picky. They appreciate rocks, plants and even pieces of wood to hide behind or under. In most cases, it comes down to the look and characteristics you want to give the habitat. Many pet parents choose rocks and plants that mimic a leopard gecko’s natural desert habitat. It is important to include at least one gecko hide that includes a moist substrate—either moss or a moist paper towel—where your pet can shed more easily. Learn more important tips on caring for your gecko pet with Petco’s care guide for leopard geckos.  
  Do leopard geckos need a cold hide?  	  Since leopard geckos are coldblooded, they will need a little help in keeping themselves warm. Most leopard gecko pet parents include a basking lamp as part of their tank setup, and many also choose to add heat mats. While you don’t necessarily need a cold hide as part of your leopard gecko cage décor, it can be a nice addition. Many pet guardians design their reptile’s tank to include a warm side with the basking lamp and heating mats and a cold side that doesn’t include these features. If your gecko gets a little warm, they can mosey over to the cold side of the tank to cool off. In this case, it’s a good idea to include at least one hide in the cold side of the tank where your leo can relax while cooling down.  
  How many hides do leopard geckos need?  	  There is no hard and fast number of gecko hides you need for your tank. However, there are a few useful rules of thumb to consider. First, you should absolutely include hides in your tank so your gecko has a place where they feel safe and secure. Next, you also need at least one hide that includes a moist substrate, such as wet moss or a moist paper towel, so your leopard gecko can more easily shed their skin. The more leos you have, the more hides you should include in the tank so that all your pets have their own unique places to go. Finally, consider the size of your tank and the look you want to create. Placing leopard gecko caves, rocks, plants and other types of décor can increase the visual harmony of your habitat and make it more pleasant to watch your leos go about their lives. You can find all the supplies you need to care for your pet at Petco’s leopard gecko shop.  
  How can I tell if my cat has allergies?  	"  Cat allergy symptoms can present themselves in various forms depending on the root allergy. Your veterinarian can perform blood or skin tests to determine specific allergies that are troubling your kitty. Signs of allergic reactions that can prompt a trip to the vet include the following.  Itching or chewing at paws and tail Sneezing, coughing, or wheezing Discharge from the eyes or nose Hairloss Skin redness, swelling or irritation Vomiting or diarrhea Difficulty breathing Ear infections 
 Difficulty breathing is often a sign of severe cat allergies, and pet parents should contact their veterinarian immediately if this symptom is observed. Cats with asthma can be especially susceptible to environmental allergies, so it’s recommended they are treated with the proper cat allergy medications as soon as they’re diagnosed.  "
  Can my cat have an allergy to pollen?  	  Absolutely. Allergy season can wreak havoc on your kitty just like it does humans, and they may need a cat allergy supplement or prescription allergy medication, depending on the severity. Regular grooming and bathing can help reduce the symptoms of your feline’s pollen allergy, as well as reducing the number of pollen-producing plants on your property.  
  What’s the best treatment for my cat’s skin problems?  	"  Skin conditions can be tricky because there may be a variety of underlying issues causing them. With allergies, it’s recommended that you consult your veterinarian to make sure a proper diagnosis is made using an allergy test. Here are a few possible allergies that—if properly treated—may provide your cat itch relief.   Food sensitivities Along with tummy upset and diarrhea, red and itchy skin may indicate that your cat has food sensitivities. If you recently switched food brands and notice any of the symptoms above, it may help to try changing back to your original kitty food to see if it brings your cat skin allergy relief. Allergies to flea bites Parasites of any kind can be not only a nuisance to your feline but also a health risk. Just one fleabite may cause your cat to have an allergic reaction all over their body. Excessive licking and nibbling caused by bites can cause skin lesions, leading to bacterial infections. Treating your cat for flea prevention is one of the most common solutions to preventing allergic reactions. At Petco, we carry a great selection of flea and tick treatments and sprays designed for flea itch relief in cats. Vitamin deficiencies A lack of proper nutrients in their diet may be to blame for your kitty’s dry or itchy skin. At Petco, we carry cat vitamins and supplements that may help treat their allergies and provide skin and coat support to help make it soft and shiny again. 
 Our knowledgeable Pet Care Center Associates are ready and waiting to help you find whatever recommended cat allergy medication, supplement or other solution you are looking to try. Visit your neighborhood Petco Pet Care Center or shop online to discover our leading brands of allergy and itch relief solutions.  "
  How do I feed my fish when I go on vacation?  	  You can use an automatic fish feeder to make sure your fish get enough food while you're away. You can also ask someone to come check on them regularly and give them small amounts of food.  
  How long can you leave fish on an automatic feeder?  	  The amount of time you can leave your fish on an automatic feeder depends on the type of feeder you are using. Generally, you should plan to have someone check on your fish every week or so. It's a good idea to research the specific type of feeder you're using to determine the recommended length of time you can leave it on.  
  How many days can a fish go without food?  	  It depends on many factors, including the type of fish and its age. Generally, adult fish can go up to a week without food, while juveniles or younger fish may only be able to go three to five days before they need to eat.  
  What is the best clumping cat litter?  	  The best clumping cat litter will depend on your preferences and budget. Some popular options include World’s Best Cat Litter, Arm & Hammer Clump & Seal, and Fresh Step Multi-Cat. Look for litter that is made from absorbent and biodegradable materials and that contains low dust levels.  
  Is clumping cat litter better?  	  Clumping cat litter generally makes cleaning the litter box easier, as it forms clumps when wet and can be scooped out. However, some cats may not like the texture, so non-clumping litter may be a better option. Ultimately, it is up to you to decide what type of litter best suits your cat's needs.  
  How often should you change clumping cat litter?  	  It's recommended that you change clumping cat litter on a weekly basis. During this time, you should also clean out the litter box and dispose of any waste properly. You may need to adjust this routine depending on how often your cat uses the litter box.  
  What should I feed my parakeet?   	  Specialized pellets should make up 60 to 70% of their diet, plus fresh vegetables, fruits and small amounts of fortified seeds. Treats should not exceed 10% of total food intake.  
  How much should I feed my parakeet?   	  Fresh food and water should always be available. Vegetables and fruits not eaten within a few hours should be discarded. Treats should not exceed 10% of total food intake.   
  What else can parakeets eat?   	  There are a variety of treats for parakeets–including sticks, berries and toppers, millet and an assortment of fruit and vegetables, such as bananas, zucchini, bell pepper, mango, peas and corn–that can be a delightful additive to your bird's diet. Do not feed birds avocado, fruit seeds, chocolate, caffeine or alcohol. Sugar and high fat treats should be avoided. Consult your veterinarian for a complete list of safe and non-safe foods for your parakeet.  
  Why do dogs like plush toys?  	  Plush dog toys fulfill many roles—prey, mother and friend. Squeaky toys, in particular, may remind your dog of their prey. If you notice your dog sucking on their toy, they may be re-creating their experience with their mother. This is especially common with puppy plush toys. Stuffed dog toys can even be considered friends. If your pup carries their toy around and seems to care for it, it may look at it as a “member of the pack” or even as offspring.  
  How do I clean plush dog toys?  	  Pet stuffed animals get a lot of love, and eventually, you’ll end up wondering how to wash plush dog toys. First, if there are any tears in the toy, you’ll want to sew them up. Once the toy is repaired, most can be washed in the washing machine on the gentle cycle with your typical detergent. Dry it on low in the dryer, or if the toy is delicate, air dry it. That’s all it takes to clean plush dog toys.  
  What is the most durable plush dog toy?  	  It’s tough to find stuffed dog toys for aggressive chewers. And even indestructible plush dog toys may not truly last forever. There are a few brands that are known for making tough toys. Kong, goDog and Outward Hound make top-rated durable plush dog toys, and you can find them all right here at Petco.  
 How do I order pet antibiotics from Petco? 	 Ordering antibiotics for your pet on Petco.com is as simple as adding the item to your cart and filling in your pet’s and veterinarian’s information. From there, our team will coordinate with your veterinarian to get a prescription. 
 Where can you get antibiotics for a dog? 	 Antibiotics for your pet are generally only available by prescription or on the order of your veterinarian after your pet is examined. Your veterinarian will prescribe antibiotic medication that is safest for your pet and their condition. Petco carries prescription oral drops, capsules and chewables to treat your pup. Very few antibiotics are available without prescription. Picking the right antibiotic for an infection requires knowledge of the infectious agent. Antibiotics should be given under your veterinarian’s supervision to ensure proper dosage and safety precautions. 
 Is antibiotic ointment safe for dogs? 	 Most antibiotic ointments are safe for dogs in small doses. Reach out to your veterinarian for advice regarding extra-strength varieties, or any with added active ingredients for pain relief. Pet should be monitored to make sure they are not licking the affected area where you have applied the ointment. 
 How long should a dog be on antibiotics? 	 The amount of time your pup will be on antibiotics can vary. Your veterinarian will give you a prescription for a specific amount of antibiotics. It's important your dog is given the entire course of antibiotics as prescribed without skipping doses as this can cause complications. 
 Can you use triple antibiotic ointment on dogs? 	 Consult with your verinarian before using triple antibiotic ointment on dogs to make sure it is appropriate and safe. Always follow the directions carefully, and be sure to wash your hands after application. 
 Can dogs take human antibiotics? 	 It is not recommended for dogs to take human antibiotics. Dogs should only take antibiotics prescribed by a veterinarian that are specifically made for dogs. Human antibiotics can be poisonous and even deadly for dogs due to the difference in their metabolisms. 
 Can I get dog antibiotics OTC without a prescription? 	 It is not recommended for dogs to take antibiotics without a prescription (over-the-counter), even if they have had the medication in the past. Consult your vet to make sure that antibiotics are the best course of action for your pup. You can order antibiotics for your pet online at Petco. 
  Do I need decorations for my fish tank?  	  Fish tank ornaments serve a few purposes. Many fish like to shelter or retreat to cave spaces. Giving them areas to do that can add to their comfort and well-being. Live plants create a natural environment and offer filtration and aeration. You should provide substrate flooring, such as gravel. Aquarium ornaments offer a pleasing space for your fish and a decorative focal point in your home.  
  How can I decorate my aquarium?  	  The aquarium decorations you choose should reflect your style with select items that are good for your fish, but also ones you enjoy. Mix artificial and live plants for color and texture, and pick gravel and rocks that fit your color scheme. Wood and log accents give an underwater forest feel, while castle or sunken ship ornaments add whimsical hideaways. Our selection of Petco aquarium décor provides various styles and colors and makes personalizing your fish tank fun.   
  How can I make my aquarium look beautiful?  	  There are many options for fish aquarium décor, and how to make it beautiful depends on your tastes. If you want to create a serene space that mimics nature, choose natural logs and wood with a variety of live plants and real-looking artificial plants. If you find bright colors and patterns more appealing, you can add vibrant, multi-colored gravel mixes and artificial plants in almost every hue. Fish tank backgrounds can provide a theme for your tank décor, and help to hide cords and tubes. From large fish tank ornaments to small fish tank decorations, accessories can help add visual appeal and soothing effects. It’s good to know the exact dimensions of the bottom of your tank so you can judge which accessories to buy.   
  What should I put in my fish tank?  	  Once you have the proper aquarium tank, lights, filtration system and heater needed for your particular fish, the next stage is décor. The best fish tank decorations offer places for aquatic pets to retreat and explore without overcrowding. They should be designed to avoid sharp edges, flaking paint or harmful metals. All Petco fish tank décor are designed as aquarium-safe decorations sold by our trusted partners.  
  Do dogs need high protein food?  	  The amount of food to feed your puppy depends on their breed, size, age and expected weight when they're fully grown. We recommend reviewing the label on their puppy food, and discussing this with your veterinarian at your puppy's first check-up.  
  Is it okay to feed a puppy high protein dog food?  	  There are high protein dog foods made specifically for puppies. That said, you should consult your veterinarian to determine the most appropriate diet for your pet.  
  What type of parasites can my fish get?  	  Parasites that affect fish will vary according to the type of fish, however some common parasites include ich, anchor worms, and aquatic lice.  
  How do I know if my fish has a parasite?  	  Many parasites are visible to the human eye but fish will show signs of illness such as rapid breathing, scratching on surfaces around the aquarium and erratic swimming behaviors.  
  What is minimally processed dog food?  	  Minimal processing means that ingredients have been altered as little as possible. Most nutrients and enzymes remain intact through preparation. Ingredients may be raw, dehydrated, freeze-dried or lightly cooked.  
  Is minimally processed dog food better for dogs?  	  It can be. Without added fillers nutrients can be more easily absorbed by the dog’s digestive system. Because fillers can cause digestive issues for some dogs, many pet parents opt for minimally processed dog food.  
  What is the best dog gate?  	  The best dog gate will depend on a number of factors including your dog’s breed and life stage. Additionally, you’ll want to consider the type of installation method you prefer — pressure or wall mounted — and the style of gates you’ll need for your home.  
  What is a dog gate?  	  Similar to a baby gate, dog gates help contain or prevent your dog from accessing certain parts of your home. Dog gates can be used for house training your dog or containing your pooch while you’re away or when you have guests.  
  How high should a fence be for a dog?  	  The proper height of your dog gate will depend on your dog’s breed, age, and physical abilities. It’s best to research your dog’s breed to learn more about how high they can jump and then determine the most appropriately sized gate for your needs.  
